day three of the Alltech Fei World
Equestrian Games 2014 was all about the
dress arch as we saw the climax of the
para dressage individual grades 3 & 1
beat down at the Prairie racecourse
along with the Grand Prix special wiring
the crowds at the Delano stadium in the
center of calm
tomorrow brings more medals firstly in
para dressage with the individual and
team grades for two and one a
outstanding ride so far from the
undefeated GB team along with Italian
starlet Sarah Morgan T in the one a
individual will make for a thrilling
climax to these three grades the
reigning second individual qualifier
kicks on down at the Parc des Exposition
with the USA dominance of the team
competition who can challenge for the
individual gold in the shadow of the
stunning bay of Massa Michel the
endurance competition will get underway
with 260 riders entered from a record
number of countries every rider will
have one thing on their mind winning
gold finally we head down to the
picturesque landscape of Arad Japan
where we start the dressage phase of the
eventing competition four years ago in
Kentucky it was the team from Great
Britain who took the honours in the team
competition with the always strong
Michael young taking the individual gold
yet another fantastic day to look
forward to with the world's equestrian
elite at the Alltech Fei World
Equestrian Games 2014